README.md, before:

# 🚀 Surjeet Karan — Developer Portfolio

This is my personal portfolio built using **React**, **TypeScript**, and **Vite**, featuring beautiful animations, responsive layouts, and glassmorphic design. It showcases my projects, skills, services, and includes contact/social sections.

---

### 🌐 Live Site

This portfolio is deployed and live at:  
🔗 [https://surjeetkarans-portfolio.vercel.app](https://surjeetkarans-portfolio.vercel.app)

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

* ⚛️ **React** (with TypeScript)
* ⚡ **Vite** for fast bundling and HMR
* 🎨 **Tailwind CSS** for styling
* 🎞️ **Framer Motion** for animations
* 🌐 **Lucide / React Icons** for iconography
* 💌 Responsive design & accessibility friendly
* 🌟 Glassmorphic UI, hover tooltips, and section highlights

---

### 📁 Folder Structure

```

src/
├── components/       # Navbar, Footer, Sections (Hero, About, Projects, etc.)
├── assets/           # Static images and logos
├── App.tsx           # Main entry point with sections
├── main.tsx          # React entry point
public/
├── Learnify.svg      # Custom SVG icon
├── preview\.png       # Optional screenshot

````

---

### 📦 Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/SurjeetKaran/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
npm install
npm run dev
````

---

### ✅ Features

* Animated navbar with active section highlighting
* Glowing buttons and gradient texts
* Responsive on all devices (mobile-first)
* Contact section with social icons and email link
* Sidebar with hover tooltips (desktop-only)
* Fully customizable & accessible

---

### 🚀 Deployment

You can deploy this project using platforms like:

* [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)
* [Netlify](https://netlify.com/)
* GitHub Pages (via `vite.config.ts` tweak)

---

### 🧹 Linting & Code Quality

This project supports ESLint with React & TypeScript rules:

```bash
npm run lint
```

You can expand the rules using:

* [`eslint-plugin-react-x`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x)
* [`eslint-plugin-react-dom`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom)

---

### 📧 Contact

Feel free to connect:

* 📬 [surjeetkaran777@gmail.com](mailto:surjeetkaran777@gmail.com)
* 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/surjeet-karan)
* 💻 [GitHub](https://github.com/SurjeetKaran)

---

### 📝 License

This project is open for learning and inspiration.
Please **do not plagiarize** the design or personal content.

Commit message:

docs: update license section in README

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Surjeet Karan — Developer Portfolio

This is my personal portfolio built using **React**, **TypeScript**, and **Vite**, featuring beautiful animations, responsive layouts, and glassmorphic design. It showcases my projects, skills, services, and includes contact/social sections.

---

### 🌐 Live Site

This portfolio is deployed and live at:  
🔗 [https://surjeetkarans-portfolio.vercel.app](https://surjeetkarans-portfolio.vercel.app)

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

* ⚛️ **React** (with TypeScript)
* ⚡ **Vite** for fast bundling and HMR
* 🎨 **Tailwind CSS** for styling
* 🎞️ **Framer Motion** for animations
* 🌐 **Lucide / React Icons** for iconography
* 💌 Responsive design & accessibility friendly
* 🌟 Glassmorphic UI, hover tooltips, and section highlights

---

### 📁 Folder Structure

```

src/
├── components/       # Navbar, Footer, Sections (Hero, About, Projects, etc.)
├── assets/           # Static images and logos
├── App.tsx           # Main entry point with sections
├── main.tsx          # React entry point
public/
├── Learnify.svg      # Custom SVG icon
├── preview\.png       # Optional screenshot

````

---

### 📦 Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/SurjeetKaran/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
npm install
npm run dev
````

---

### ✅ Features

* Animated navbar with active section highlighting
* Glowing buttons and gradient texts
* Responsive on all devices (mobile-first)
* Contact section with social icons and email link
* Sidebar with hover tooltips (desktop-only)
* Fully customizable & accessible

---

### 🚀 Deployment

You can deploy this project using platforms like:

* [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)
* [Netlify](https://netlify.com/)
* GitHub Pages (via `vite.config.ts` tweak)

---

### 🧹 Linting & Code Quality

This project supports ESLint with React & TypeScript rules:

```bash
npm run lint
```

You can expand the rules using:

* [`eslint-plugin-react-x`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x)
* [`eslint-plugin-react-dom`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom)

---

### 📧 Contact

Feel free to connect:

* 📬 [surjeetkaran777@gmail.com](mailto:surjeetkaran777@gmail.com)
* 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/surjeet-karan)
* 💻 [GitHub](https://github.com/SurjeetKaran)

---

### 📝 License

This project is open for learning and inspiration.  
Please **do not plagiarize** the design or personal content.

Code is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).
